[Music]
- 2 Chainz for 10 years then I was a
good manager
I run a 15 million dollar a year
business I left to pursue my dream you
know follow your heart sounds super
cheesy oh my god that sounds cheesy but
it says something like what does it say
what makes your heart sing you know and
sometimes we got to go back to that
8-year old self
I grew up Atlanta Georgia mom so vacuum
cleaner dad just worked on houses I
always had just this one dream to be fit
I was little I was a chubby kid loves
basketball I read every Michael Jordan
booked studied the moves but I was
always that that big kid so I'll go to
the playground and play search for skins
I'd have to drop out and kind of his
life went on I needed something that
kind of identified me you need something
to be good at for me I was like all
right I'm gonna do business you know
that's gonna be my sting so in high
school man I had my suit like I was like
CEO Charlie like everybody knew I was
gonna be like that business guy so as
life went on business just I got I got
pretty good at it started a music
business won Grammys world tours and
sold over 8 million albums I mean for
some people who would it would look like
the American dream for me I was never as
unhappy I was over 300 pounds and I was
super depressed the bigger my business
got you know the bigger the bigger my my
stomach got look how bad I look horrible
and his whole my name is Charlie Jubilee
and I've been overweight my whole life
my addiction to food just just pits me
down I binge eat till I get sick and I
do that so I'll never want to binge eat
again but it's just a down little spiral
I don't want to be in a depression
anymore food just took over my life and
I just buried my one dream and this man
walked into my life man by the name of
Scott camera and he changed my life and
he said look I'm not gonna leave you I
see something in you and we're gonna do
this like we're gonna lose this weight
we're gonna run I said run what do you
mean I'm like I'm being like I can't run
he was like I challenge you to a
marathon and then like in that moment I
kind of went back to like my childhood
dream like man I want to be happy like
that's the one thing I've never been
able to do but never do this successful
business makes millions of dollars live
in big houses drive nice cars but the
one thing was this athlete dream of mine
so I said Scott man let's do it
I remember the very first day it was 19
degrees in February it took me longer to
get dressed then the actual amount of
time we ran cuz I could only run like
two minutes
[Music]
getting almost 50 pounds after running
three marathons like I was carrying so
much weight when I ran that LA Marathon
all my toenails fell off because
pounding for 26 months Paul I was
working out in the morning and I would
crack on crack every single day I would
out eat all the running I did and after
I ran a marathon I gained weight and
there would be nights that I would like
eat so much that I would wake up the
next day after eating like 10,000 15,000
calories and my skin would be bruised
all over my body
it would hurt to touch my skin like I
was never addressing my real problem
Scott he walked into my office one day
he pulled out a scale he told me get on
the scale I said I'm not getting on the
scale he said get on the scale I said
man Scott I know what that scale says I
deal with it every day I'm the guy who
can't fit any of the clothes in my
dresser I'm the guy who not a belt fence
I'm the guy who when I look in the
mirror I don't even look I don't look
like I'm terrified I'm terrified of
every meal like I envy people who are
addicted to like drugs because you can
cold-turkey that never have to deal with
the drug again with food that'd be an
addiction you've got to deal with it
every day three four times a day and man
I thought I was at the lowest point in
my life but the amazing thing about
rock-bottom that'll make you actually
see the roots I woke up one morning and
I looked up to the ceiling and the room
just started spinning got out of bed
went to pick up my shoes and my socks
and then passed out I was diagnosed with
a brain tumor
brain tumors wrapped around my left
optic nerve my coronary artery and say
it can start corroding the top of my
spinal cord at that point I'm like man
my dreams of being an athlete are so far
out of the picture it's like I just want
to live
but then I was like man I gotta fix my
roots like everything I've been doing to
this date has been wrong I have to say
yes to the scariest thing I ever did
I'm gonna completely reinvent my entire
life I'm gonna leave Atlanta I'm gonna
leave my company I'm gonna leave my
family I'm gonna leave everything I
built I knew I could never truly be
successful unless I had my health the
first chapter of my life was music
industry the second chapter of my life
is gonna be transformation if you jump
into the swimming pool and you don't
know how to swim
you've got two options learn really
really really fast are you gonna die and
for me that is not an option I moved to
California completely became the exact
opposite of everything I was I was this
workaholic who's working 100 hour work
weeks now I'm this free-spirited vegan
endurance athlete lost 120 pounds
training for an Ironman in March and the
most important thing I'm reversing my
brain tumor I'm reversing it naturally
I've learned every single thing there is
to learn about food I transform every
morning when I work out into this person
who's like to me my superhero his name
is Charlie Rocket like I put my bandanna
with the little Rockets on I put my
glasses on I have my bright colors I see
everybody else who just bikes or who
runs and they all look the same and I
said I want to be this glowing ball of
energy and when I'm biking down the
boardwalk I'm smiling I'm listening to
my music and I'm high-fiving people so
if somebody who is going to the beach
early that's in this depressed mood like
they can look and be like wow like that
guy looks like he's having fun
maybe I should try that this energy is
contagious and I don't care if if it's
you're fit and you need to figure out
how to get your dreams of success or if
you're older and you're stuck as a
lawyer and a law firm and your heart is
saying I need to go chase my dreams
before I die there's somebody I don't
care if it's one person they needed to
hear so that's just my way of reaching
my hand back on January 1st I wrote on a
postcard and I put it on my refrigerator
and I said contract to myself become top
1% of ass
in the world well I'm on pace to do an
Ironman I've already done a half ironman
I've run three marathons I've lost 120
pounds I'm reversing my brain tumor I'm
chasing my dream
[Music]
you